---
title: 'There are multiple modules.'
date: '2019-05-04'
isDarkMode: true
featuredImage: '../../assets/bg1.jpeg'
tags: ['react', 'typescript']
---

There are multiple modules with names that only differ in
casing.

Reading the accounts of Scott Rudin’s present and former
employees, of the abuse they suffered and were expected to
endure at Scott Rudin Productions, has broken my heart.

In the roughly twenty years that I regularly collaborated
with Scott, I worked with and got to know many of his
employees — a generation of them — from the VPs, to the
researchers, to the assistants who worked the phones. I
remember Kevin Graham-Caso — he was a sweetheart — and it
was a gut-punch to learn, from his brother David’s recent
video, about his suicide, following years of struggle with
PTSD.

Twenty years is a long time to collaborate with an abuser.
My impulse is to excuse, exonerate or at any rate minimize
my complicity by saying that personally I never saw or heard
anything approaching the level of the most egregious
incidents reported on vulture.com and elsewhere, that I
never heard Scott use vulgar or demeaning epithets, or saw
Scott cause physical injury. I heard stories of Scott’s
tantrums and vindictiveness, but not of smashed hands and
people pushed out of moving cars.

But I knew enough. I regularly, even routinely, heard him
treat his staff, from the new kid doing the coffee run to
the guy just under Scott on the SRP organizational chart,
with what I would call a careful, even surgical contempt,
like a torturer trained to cause injuries that leave no
visible marks. And I saw him throw a pencil, once, at an
assistant as the young man fled Scott’s office and Scott’s
shouting. The pencil struck the back of the assistant’s
head, eraser end first, and fell to the carpet. A minute
later, Scott called me into his office, and we started
talking, as if nothing untoward had happened, about whatever
script we were working on at the time. accusantium ipsam
quis sint?

As if nothing had happened. In those five words, the recipe
for a culture of abuse, in families, in the workplace, and
in the world.

I knew enough to discern the pall that reliably settled over
the offices whenever Scott was around, as he almost always
was, and the contrasting sense of lightness if I stopped by
to meet with one of the development guys when Scott was in
London, say, or out for the day — not to mention the
perpetual sunniness (relatively speaking) and ease that
reigned in SRP’s Hollywood offices after he took up more or
less permanent residence in New York toward the latter part
of the 90s. “You seem good,” I remember saying to one of his
LA development guys in that era, resuming work with him
after an interruption of several months. “That’s because I’m
here,” he replied brightly, “and Scott isn’t.”

Lorem, ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit.
Quam quas quo deserunt excepturi, blanditiis aliquid optio
rerum ab veniam. Voluptas architecto nam iure tempora in,
veniam accusantium ipsam quis sint?
